What happens when humans and aliens are forced
to live with each other well the movie district 9
illustrates that perfectly well let me explain out
of nowhere aliens have landed above johannesburg
their spacecraft has hovered above the city for
three months without any sort of interaction
as a natural response the humans have decided
to make the first move they broke into the
spacecraft and could identify over one million
aliens it turns out that their spacecraft is
broken they are legit stuck on earth and are
unable to continue their journey across space
after the collection of nearby cctv footage
it's known that a large part of the ship
presumably an important piece of tech has fallen
off this piece of tech is thought to be the
solution to fix the problem our character Wikus is
working for the MNU multinational united a weapons
manufacturer that is responsible for guarding the
aliens and maintaining peace between the races
all 1 million aliens live in the slum area
of district 9 an exclusive alien zone that is
off limits for humans however there are human
criminals living in these zones as well they
mainly engage in criminal activity like weapon
trade gambling and yes interracial prostitution
as well as of late Wikus is responsible for
managing the eviction of District 9 the plan
is to move them over to the newer and bigger
district 10. easier said than done threats are
present everywhere within district 9. it is hardly
possible to survive there without armed security
now Wikus goes from house to house knocking
on doors and handing over papers to be signed
however aliens and humans can't communicate
meaning most understanding is based on human
interpretation and we know that sucks Wikus is
a hyperactive bureaucrat of course that like
most humans look down on the aliens he enjoys
his new position of power and doesn't shy away
from showing it off when he passes by a house
that is located within the eviction zone of today
two aliens are brewing a mysterious liquid inside
when Wikus makes contact one of the aliens flees
through the back door the other one steps out
upon searching the house he finds a cylinder
and fiddles around with it don't touch what isn't
yours my friends you know i don't trust anything
you're right yep i'll skip the meal for today
thank you very much and i apologize to you out
there anyway this guy is extremely confident with
his new job the way he goes through this stuff
makes it look like he knows exactly what he's
doing but that's all for show the aliens that
were experimenting in here were according to wikus
at least criminals in fact every alien to him is a
criminal surprise surprise he is as ignorant
as you would imagine a bureaucrat would be
commissioned with the job to establish a mutual
relationship between a race that he doesn't
bother to understand inside the house the alien
with the red vest lives with his kid wikus shows
his true colors he is humiliating the alien and
threatens to take away his child for no reason
upon entering the shack he finds various
electronics to him proof of criminal activity
which obviously is ridiculous but to him it
makes perfect sense before he can clear the space
he breaks into puke festival i wonder why his
temperature rises and his overall health declines
some people would say well deserved however as the
day passes his health gets even worse he is dizzy
his nose emits black fluid and his fingernails
start to fall off something isn't right
question what is worse than having a bad day
at work coming home from it while your wife
has prepared a surprise party thank you wife
let's have some cake and tea with your family
now Wikus is not doing well during the party he
eventually faints and is brought to the hospital
his arm that was injured during today is badly
inflamed as the doctor unwraps his bandage he
gets a shock of a lifetime wikus' arm has turned
into an alien limp it can't get more surreal mere
moments later troops storm in and take in Wikus
while evacuating the whole place as of now he
is treated like he was treating the aliens alright
this is bad once you are caught by a government or
military good luck escaping he should have taken
his symptoms more serious and contacted people
and trust about his condition he should have made
sure that the footage that shows his contamination
is securely stored because what happens next is
that the MNU fabricates fake news about how he
got contaminated skewing the picture and making
it much much harder for him to survive and get
appropriate help he wakes up in a lab lying on a
flat surface various tests are performed his body
is thoroughly scanned and he realizes that this
thing is the reason for his transformation [ __ ]
now what do you do in this situation i reckon
there isn't much that you can do however the
alien weapons that the humans have collected
over the years can't be used by humans therefore
Wikus is a perfect trial the weapons require a
biological compatibility that normal humans just
don't possess however now that wikus is slowly
becoming an alien he is the perfect candidate
to explore these weapons he is forced into
questionable trials and tortured if he doesn't
comply he is soaked in sweat miserable is the best
term to describe this situation when they bring in
an alive alien and force wikus to shoot at him he
doesn't want to he's starting to feel compassion
with these aliens slowly understanding what
these entities have to go through on daily basis
when his life is about to be taken as well he
takes the last chance and leaps at the doctors
resulting in his escape but where can he go his
face is basically on every tv channel and every
newspaper the whole world is looking for him the
only place where he will be safe is ironically
enough District 9 itself his body by now is
changing rapidly his taste buds have already
adapted and uh his new food of choice is cat food
you know could be worse if you need to escape the
situation i would suggest you get off the main
land steal a boat some food and off you go you do
not want to be a lab rat right and if that means
you will have to starve in loneliness then i think
we can all agree that this is better on a nice
island than in a dark alleyway covered in trash
he eventually hides in one of the alien shacks
not knowing that this is the same place where
he harassed an alien family yesterday things are
turning interesting he begs them to let him stay
but naturally the alien doesn't really like that
underneath the floor is a secret lab containing
high technology the important piece of tech
responsible for the spaceship to function properly
is also down there this alien family apparently
scientists are trying to fix it and the cylinder
that wikus had found is the key so basically
all these aliens want is to fix their ship
and leave the planet earth this is also in the
interest of humanity right however with all these
restrictions laws and observed bureaucracy this is
almost impossible now wikus finds out that his arm
can be reversed but the only way to do that is to
recover the cylinder that he has basically stolen
two days ago making his situation even more absurd
a sweet scene that we encounter here that i want
to mention is that the alien child is intrigued
by wikus arm he stretches out his next to wikus
trying to say hey look we aren't that different
implying that racism is always just a choice
but wikus being the selfish and opportunistic
person that he is pushes away the kid however that
is possible i don't know all that he wants is his
old life not understanding that to achieve that
he might need to give something in return if i
were him i would team up with these aliens form
an alien militant group arm myself with these
super weapons and then storm the MNU i would
hijack that cylinder fix the ship and then leave
earth together with these aliens because that
ladies and gentlemen would be a win-win situation
however if you are more of an alien pacifist which
is fine as well then you could try to mediate
between the races right if you can get out a video
message telling your story and that the aliens
are actually trying to fix their ship and leave
but the MNU doesn't let that happen the global
outcry would be massive change would be inevitable
it might not be tomorrow but it sure as hell would
lead to a sooner happy end but anyway wikus hasn't
made up his mind yet and leaves but during the
following night he gets a shock of a lifetime
when he undresses himself he sees that his
transformation is moving forward quicker than he
thought if i were in this situation i would either
kill myself or like mentioned team up with the
alien family because they seem to be legit cool
beings now here's where stuff becomes cool wikus
decide to team up with them anyway the plan is
to enter the mnu facility and steal the cylinder
with the black fluid inside to do that they need
guns so what wikus does is ask for help from the
nigerian gangsters so far so good i would do the
same thing but when he arrives he isn't welcomed
very nicely he's almost killed but the mob boss is
intrigued by wikus' arm asking him how he achieved
this this dude wants nothing more than to become
an alien himself that is some crazy enthusiasm
and in all actuality a very important aspect that
wikus doesn't take any leverage of so what happens
is this wikus who is about to get killed grabs
one of the ratchet and clank weapons lying next by
he shoots his oppressors down gaining him the
respect that he deserves the mob boss asks
wikus how he got transformed but our character
just ignores that question and flees now in my
opinion this was a huge mistake what i would
have done is the following i would have hired
these militants for my mission promising that if
they can get us a cylinder we would help them to
turn into aliens which as we all know is entirely
possible we are the living proof boom let's go
but wikus doesn't think that far nope what he
does is he teams up with the red vest alien and
storms to MNU in tag team fashion because why
not things are getting fun i'm gonna find him
equipped with the coolest weapons of the
galaxy the duo moves in wikus still remembers
the security code so entering the base isn't
the problem the soldiers they face off are no
problem either since they have superior weapons as
they move in and get to the underground lab where
aliens are experimented on they start to look for
the cylinder however our body is shocked by what
he sees the cruelty is too much for him he can't
understand why this has happened to his species
it was only a malfunction that made them land
here and no ill intent wikus finds the cylinder
but at the same time a squad of elite soldiers are
storming the lab a hefty fight breaks out it takes
a couple of moments until our friend can get a
grip and both of our characters can escape with
a self-made alien grenade they make it through
the car park hijacking an suv and then rush back
to district 9. things are about to turn around
but not before wikus once again screws things up
once they make it back home wikus demands for
his arm to be reversed the alien tells him though
that this isn't that simple and it will need
some time namely three years now wikus can't
believe it and doesn't want to accept it but
in my humble opinion three years is rather okay
no i mean the most important thing for now is to
get out of here alive anyway this discussion can
be continued later on there are still a few dozen
soldiers behind us trying to murder us however
wikus and his anger problem aren't rational
he grabs a piece of wood and slams our friend
over the head causing him to faint Wikus
enters the basement and shuts out the alien
the soldiers enter and take him captive but
he is an amazing guy and doesn't snitch on
us probably because his child is down here with
us seeing this little alien being worried sick
about his dad upstairs is heartbreaking at this
moment i just hope so bad for a happy ending
in any way wikus activates a small
spacecraft and prepares for an escape
that is ridiculous okay this is a very dumb
move how could he possibly maneuver that thing
without any knowledge and that is exactly what
happens he gets shot down within the first minute
and crashes down to earth this spacecraft
ladies and gentlemen was the only hope
for peace there was but one man is enough to f-
things up thank you thank you very much Wikus the
best solution would have been clearly to enter the
basement with the alien body and escape together
and only then proceed with everything else so at
this point everything seems lost the alien and
wikus himself were captured and transported
away but luckily we got the Nigerian gangs
right the gang from before cuts off the escape
route and hijacks both convoys a fight breaks out
but eventually they're able to capture wikus and
take him back to their mob boss things are getting
messy who are the good guys and who are not in
any way though i would prefer to mingle with
those Nigerians any day than those MNU bastards
but before wikus gets eaten up because of some
voodoo [ __ ] maybe i reconsider the alien child
back in the small spacecraft activates a remote
control system that moves a mother ship into a
position directly over the smaller spacecraft
this kid is awesome at the same time the alien
weapons within the Nigerian HQ start to activate
themselves as well a huge robot becomes alive and
well cleans the place swiftly and thoroughly only
wikus is spared since according to the robot at
least he is a peer then the robot opens its doors
and basically insists on him entering it wikus
hesitates i wonder why why would you hesitate to
enter that robot nothing can stop you while you
wear it why wouldn't you want to become a gundam
jesus well in any way wikus can't resist the
urge because we can understand and it's showtime
he smashes his opponents as if they were kitchen
flies given me the satisfaction that i've been
looking for 1 hour and 29 minutes thank you he
rescues his alien friend and they make it over
to the spacecraft where the little kid is waiting
how about that things are about to change and i
love it but even though wikus has been a story
for the most part of this story he at least does
the right thing when it becomes necessary thumbs
up for that before they arrive at the spacecraft
and the family reunites again Wikus leaves and
enters the combat again trying to make up some
time for his alien friends now they activate the
beam of flight that slowly beams the spacecraft
up to the mothership the question though remains
can they make it in time well wikus is fighting
desperately his only goal by now is to save
those that have helped him during his most
difficult times and he achieves that the alien
family eventually makes it into safety up above
they activate the mothership and leave for now
i can't wait for district 10 at the same time
though wikus is being slowly killed off in the
last showdown he faces off the elite soldier
that has made his life miserable but before
he can finish him off Wikus' new peers jump in
and rip apart his enemy in one of the ending
scenes we can see a prawn scavenging the trash
place which implies that this is probably wikus
himself by now well i guess we'll find out in
district 10 which has been confirmed just recently
so i hope you enjoyed this video i love this
movie go watch it if you can and uh yeah binge
another one i see you guys in a few days peace